min
the most important business island
bribery
the extortion
well things
illicit association
in this world of skiing
that can be two things
or are you someone
your adversary
I am not afraid
the public enemy number one in the country
yes drug use
I put my own company and products that is better than the
competition
the lowest price zero
is altering the natural order of things
judges lawyers
political police if it will only stop reaching 100 thousand people would stay
jobless
the investigation indicates that they bring lucas is above the mafia
in the drug business
buy directly a Southeast Asian source skips the
intermediary that uses American military personnel and aircraft to
transport pure heroin number four to eight
Juliana had to support achieved what the Mexican mafia has not achieved in 100
years
we have a serious problem
Jim Sitton takes you away so they do
it's a challenge my business my wife my mother to my family
it's my land, sea and air
there has to be order
there is something more important than the life of a man
do not
dark that pulled the gun they took me the word
I wanted
of citizenship
frank lucas is the most dangerous man
that walks through the streets of our city